Add instructions for upgrading the container (#2615)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: common/upgrade-mqtt-container.md

# Upgrade MQTT Container

This article describes needed steps to upgrade the `eclipse-mosquitto` container
in the engineering system. 

## Prerequisites

These steps can be run on Windows, Linux, or Mac. Verification must be done in
Linux.

* [Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli)
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) 

## Steps

1. Ensure that Docker engine is running
1. Pull image from docker hub `docker pull eclipse-mosquitto:<version>` where `<version>` is the version you want to upgrade to

> 1. Perform local verification to ensure that the new image works (probably by running `eng/scripts/Setup-MQTTContainer.ps1` on a Linux instance with the new container image name)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Perform local verification to ensure that the new image works. Run `eng/scripts/Setup-MQTTContainer.ps1` from the root of the SDK specifying `$AgentImage` as `"ubuntu" and `$ConfigFile` as `"eng/config/mosquitto.conf"`. Make sure to comment out and change references to the previous version.

```
